Define Propagation-only Span to simplify active Span logic in Context. (#994)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/api.md

#### Determining the Parent Span from a Context

When a new `Span` is created from a `Context`, the `Context` may contain a `Span`
representing the currently active instance, and will be used as parent.

> If there is no `Span` in the `Context`, the newly created `Span` will be a root instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is no `Span` in the `Context`, the newly created `Span` will be a root span.
```

> A `SpanContext` may set as the active instance in a `Context` (for example, by a `Propagator`
> performing context extraction) through the use of a [DefaultSpan](#defaultspan-creation)
> wrapping it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `SpanContext` cannot be set as active in a `Context` directly,
but through the use of a [DefaultSpan](#defaultspan-creation) wrapping it.
For example, a `Propagator` performing context extraction, may need this.
```

Start and end time as well as Event's timestamps MUST be recorded at a time of a
calling of corresponding API.

### Propagated Span creation

The API MUST provide an operation for wrapping a `SpanContext` with an object
implementing the `Span` interface. This is done in order to expose a `SpanContext`
as a `Span` in operations such as in-process `Span` propagation.

> If a new type is required for supporting this operation, it SHOULD be named `PropagatedSpan`.

Reviewer: Please decide between "Propagated Span" and "PropagatedSpan"

Author: Propagated Span is a concept, PropagatedSpan is the name (as Ruby does not need to expose it).

Reviewer: I would think it's cleaner if we named the concepted PropagatedSpan too, but this is only an nipick anyway (I approved the PR)

Start and end time as well as Event's timestamps MUST be recorded at a time of a
calling of corresponding API.

> ### DefaultSpan creation

Reviewer 2: Maybe call this `PropagationOnlySpan`?

Author: I'd be fine with it, but I also like `BlankSpan` (as `PropagationOnlySpan` is rather longer).

Reviewer 2: Default sounds like it does something, and we had complains in Java about that name

Reviewer 3: Can we just specify the behavior of the span, and leave the actual name to the implementation? For Ruby, we did not have to introduce a new type of span, since we were able to use the Span class from the Default (no-op) implementation for this. The name of the class is simply `Span`.

Reviewer 3: I should probably add, that the API and default implementation are the same thing for the Ruby project. I realize this is probably not the case for most other languages.

Reviewer 2: I would say: "if a new class is required for this, consider naming it XYZ" to ensure ruby use-case is covered. I think it is good to be consistent on the name if a new class is needed

Author: Feedback applied.

> The API MUST provide an operation for wrapping a `SpanContext` with an object

Reviewer: Similar comment to https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/969#pullrequestreview-491989938:

It should be clarified whether the creation of a default span is something that should be implemented in the API or an SDK, and if the API offers an implementation, whether that may be overriden by SDKs.

Author: In the API definitely helps a lot, as it can help to write API-dependent Propagators (which will use this when calling `Extract`).

I don't imagine the SDK needing to override it, as you simply provide a `GetContext()` on top. Do you have some specific scenario in mind?

Reviewer: No, I actually think it should be specified that this should be fully implemented in the API and it's not required to be overridable.

Author: Added a note to clarify this.

implementing the `Span` interface, known as `DefaultSpan`. This is done in order to expose
a `SpanContext` as a `Span` in operations such as in-process `Span` propagation.

- `GetContext()` MUST return the wrapped `SpanContext`.

> - `IsRecording` MUST return `false` to signal that events, attributes and other elements
>   are not being recorded, i.e. they are being dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `IsRecording` MUST return `false`.
```

Reviewer: OK with leaving this as-is too, so resolving.

Start and end time as well as Event's timestamps MUST be recorded at a time of a
calling of corresponding API.

### PropagationOnly Span creation

The API MUST provide an operation for wrapping a `SpanContext` with an object
implementing the `Span` interface. This is done in order to expose a `SpanContext`
as a `Span` in operations such as in-process `Span` propagation.

> If a new type is required for supporting this operation, it SHOULD be named `PropagatorOnlySpan`.

Reviewer 4: This name is a bit confusing - does this span do any propagating? It's ok but how about something like `RemoteSpan` - it's a span that exists remotely, not here?

Reviewer: Oh, good catch. It seems we call the span differently each time it's mentioned "PropgationOnly Span" (with space and "-ion") in the title, and here PropagatorOnlySpan (no space and "-or").

Reviewer: @bogdandrutu  Also, note that we already have reference to DefaultSpan in the sampling spec.

Reviewer 4: Also if sticking with the propagation pattern, `PropagatedSpan` I guess is clearest. But personally like `RemoteSpan` it's the term I use to talk about the thing conceptually :)

Author: @Oberon00 This is the offending line:

> (sometimes called a `NoOpSpan` or `DefaultSpan`).

This is regarding to sampling. I feel we should be OK by removing the `DefaultSpan`,  as in this context it basically meant no-op.

> This name is a bit confusing 

What about `PropagatedSpan`?

The behavior is defined as follows:

- `GetContext()` MUST return the wrapped `SpanContext`.
- `IsRecording` MUST return `false` to signal that events, attributes and other elements
  are not being recorded, i.e. they are being dropped.

The remaining functionality of `Span` MUST be defined as no-op operations.

> Note: This is expected to be fully implemented in the API, and MUST NOT be overridable

Reviewer: This is a key point IMHO. Is this a Note? Then it should not contain a MUST NOT. I actually think it should be a SHOULD NOT.

```suggestion
This functionality SHOULD be fully implemented in the APIm and SHOULD NOT be overridable.
```

Author: Why SHOULD applied to overridable?

Reviewer: For example, in Python, there is no (easy) way to make something non-overridable.

> by the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by API implementations.
```

This does not apply only to "the SDK" but everyone.

Author: In that case, what about remove the entire "by ..." part?
